- 1: Informal Greetings:
  - How's it going?
  - Fine, thanks.
  - Where are you off to?
  - To the library. I've got a history exam next week and need to start studying. 
  - Oh, no. Well, I'll see you later then. Good luck.
  - Thanks. See you later.
  - 6-Hello:
    - How are you?
    - How's it going?
    - How have you been?
    - Are you alright?
    - What's up?
    - What's new?
  - 6-Answers:
    - Very well, it's going well
    - Great
    - Good, pretty good, all good
    - Fine
    - Not bad
    - Nothing much, not much
  - 6-Bye:
    - Bye
    - Bye bye
    - See you later
    - See you tomorrow
    - Have a good day
    - Take care

- 2: Formal Greetings:
  - Good morning, How are you doing?
  - Good morning, I am doing well. And you?
  - I'm great, thank you. I'd like to introduce you to my friend.
  - Hello, Pleased to meet you.
  - It's pleasure to meet you too. Thank you su much for helping us.
  - Don't mention it.
  - 3-Meet:
    - Nice to meet you
    - Pleased to meet you
    - It's pleasure to meet you
  - 6-Thank:
    - Thank you so much for
    - Thanks a lot for
    - I can't thank you enough
    - I really appreciate it
    - I'm really greatful
    - That's so kind of you
  - 6-Answer:
    - You're welcome
    - No problem
    - Sure thing
    - It's a pleasure
    - No worries
    - Don't mention it

- 3: What's your name?

- 4: What do you do?:
  - What do you do for living?
  - I am a teacher in high school. What do you do?
  - I work as a programmer for an IT company.
  - Sound interesting. Do you like your job?
  - Yes, I do. What about you?
  - I love my job. It is so rewarding and I love working with children.
